Graphs in computer science are simple yet astonishingly powerful mathematical objects, 
the obvious reason being the impact they have on our daily lives and how deeply ingrained they are on our digital life, 
whether we perform a search on Google or we have a conversation with our friends over a social networking site, without
us realizing the vital role they play in how we interact with software systems. In this article, I aim to provide an 
insight into the fundamental problem in graph theory, the graph search problem, but before we do that let's define what 
a graph is? In layman terms, a graph is an object that has nodes and these nodes are interconnected via edges, the edges
are like links that connect one node to another forming relationships. But this is just too vague so allow me to define 
them formally, in mathematical terms a graph is a set of vertices (also known as nodes), and edges, let's say G = {V, E} 
is a set of two sets V and E. The set V consists of say n nodes V = {1, 2, 3, 4 ... n} and the edge set E consists of 
unordered pair (x,y) representative of the relationship between the nodes x and y from the set of vertices V,
E = {(x,y) | x,y in V and x != y }. For the sake of simplicity and to avoid confusion at this point we simply assume 
graphs as undirected (means bidirectional relationship, this will become important later on), because there's also a 
directed graph, which we will explore later on. To illustrate the idea see figure 1.0  fig1.0

Figure 1.0 illustrates an undirected graph with V = {1,2,3,4,5,6} and E = {(1,2), (1,5), (2,5), (4,5), (2,3), (4,3), (6,4)},
shows the vertices that range from 1 to 6, and edges show the relationship between any two vertices in set V. 
The other kind of graphs however are the directed graphs, unlike undirected graphs, these have edges that are ordered ie. 
the order in which edges are represented matters. formally a directed graph G = {V, E, F} is a set of vertices, edges, and 
incidence function that maps edges as ordered pairs. The edges in the directed graph are directed ie. one way or unidirectional.
These are two main categories which graphs are classified into, apart from being directed or undirected graphs can also be simple, multi or pseudo graphs
a simple graph is one which has one and only one edge between any pair of vertices, the graph in figure 1.0 is a simple-undirected graph. 